README.rst, before:

Phony Box
=====================

PhonyBox is a full phone system already installed with FreeSWITCH and Plivo. Fire it up, and you have a working phone system that you can customize with PHP.


PhonyBox is based on a custom Vagrant box that I have built, which is essentially just a virtual machine pre-installed and configured with FreeSWITCH, Plivo, PHP/Apache, and MySQL. 
It is a great starting point to get your next phone app started quickly. REALLY QUICKLY. I mean no installation of anything, just fire it up and it works...


Installation
------------

1. Install `Virtual Box <https://www.virtualbox.org/>`_ - a cross platform virtual machine program by Oracle

2. Install `Vagrant <http://www.vagrantup.com>`_ - a virtual machine provisioner making it easier than ever to automate virtual machine setups

3. Check out the code...

4. In your terminal, go to the code directory and type: vagrant up (FYI - on first usage this downloads a rather large (1 gig) virtual machine file)

Yeah, that is it....


Usage
-----

coming soon....

FAQ
---

Question: So I don't need Twilio to make cool phone apps?

Answer: Nope! Do it cheaper with your own system....

Commit message:

Updated readme with new planned features

README.rst, after:

Phony Box
=====================
PhonyBox is an easy to use telephone system managment software written in Node.js and runs on top of `FreeSWITCH <https://www.freeswitch.org/>`_ and `Plivo <https://www.plivo.org/>`_.  If you are looking to setup a basic phone system for your home or office, look no further.

PhonyBox includes a `Vagrant <http://www.vagrantup.com>`_ configuration file so you can fire up a virtual box complete with FreeSWITCH, Plivo, Node.js, and MongoDB.

PhonyBox front-end code is written with Backbone.js and is very modular and customizable. 

Features
--------

* Add people and extensions easily
* Define call routing instructions
* Record greetings for auto-attendants and define actions for digit combinations
* Connect to the live phone system easily with our pre-built integration templates


Development Installation
------------------------

1. Install `Virtual Box <https://www.virtualbox.org/>`_ - a cross platform virtual machine program by Oracle

2. Install `Vagrant <http://www.vagrantup.com>`_ - a virtual machine provisioner making it easier than ever to automate virtual machine setups

3. Check out the code...

4. In your terminal, go to the code directory and type: vagrant up (FYI - on first usage this downloads a rather large (1 gig) virtual machine file)

That is all! You now have a full phone system running in a virtual machine.


Production Installation
-----------------------

Coming Soon...


Usage
-----

Coming Soon....

FAQ
---

Question: So I don't need Twilio to make cool phone apps?

Answer: Nope! Do it cheaper with your own system....
